Add compass and compass runtime agent installer CRs (#5292)
kyma-project/kyma: installation/resources/README.md

# Installer resources

## Overview

> This directory contains resources used by installer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains resources used by the Installer.
```

## Installer CRs

> Files starting with `installer-cr-*` contain different component configurations that can be provided to installer. Currently available configurations:

Reviewer 2: Remove "Currently available configurations:"

> Files starting with `installer-cr-*` contain different component configurations that can be provided to installer. Currently available configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files starting with `installer-cr-*` contain different component configurations that you can provide to the Installer. These are the currently available configurations:
```

> | Configuration | Description | Officially supported |

Reviewer 2: Add a new headline "Available configurations"

> | Configuration | Description | Officially supported |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Configuration | Description | Supported |
```

|----------------|------|------|

> | `installer-cr.yaml.tpl` | Complete local Kyma installation | ✅ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `installer-cr.yaml.tpl` | Provides complete local Kyma installation. | ✅ |
```

> | `installer-cr-cluster.yaml.tpl` | Complete cluster Kyma installation | ✅ |

Reviewer 2: Maybe a bullet point list would be better, with compass jobs marked as `(Experimental)`

> | `installer-cr-cluster.yaml.tpl` | Complete cluster Kyma installation | ✅ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `installer-cr-cluster.yaml.tpl` | Provides complete cluster Kyma installation. | ✅ |
```

> | `installer-cr-cluster-with-compass.yaml.tpl` | Complete cluster Kyma installation with `compass` and `compass-runtime-agent` components | ⛔️ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `installer-cr-cluster-with-compass.yaml.tpl` | Provides complete cluster Kyma installation with the `compass` and `compass-runtime-agent` components. | ⛔️ |
```

> | `installer-cr-cluster-compass-minimal.yaml.tpl` | Cluster Compass installation only with Kyma components used by Compass | ⛔️ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `installer-cr-cluster-compass-minimal.yaml.tpl` | Provides cluster Compass installation only with the Kyma components that Compass uses. | ⛔️ |
```

> | `installer-cr-cluster-agent.yaml.tpl` | Complete cluster Kyma installation with `compass-runtime-agent` component | ⛔️ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `installer-cr-cluster-agent.yaml.tpl` | Provides complete cluster Kyma installation with the `compass-runtime-agent` component. | ⛔️ |
```

> ### Adding new components to Kyma

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add a new component to Kyma
```

> When adding new components to Kyma remember to update every Installer CR that should use the new component.

Reviewer 2: Convert to NOTE and put it below Overview

> When adding new components to Kyma remember to update every Installer CR that should use the new component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you add a new component to Kyma, you must update every Installer CR that will use the component.
```

# Installer resources

## Overview

This directory contains resources used by the Installer.

>**NOTE:** When you add a new component to Kyma, you must update every Installer CR that will use the component.

## Installer CRs

Files starting with `installer-cr-*` contain different component configurations that you can provide to the Installer.

> ## Available configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Available configurations
```

> | Configuration | Description | Part of release |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Configuration | Description | Part of the release |
```

Reviewer: Please add a sentence that will separate the heading and the table.

# Installer resources

## Overview

This directory contains resources used by the Installer.

## Installer CRs

Files starting with `installer-cr-*` contain different component configurations that you can provide to the Installer.

>**NOTE:** When you add a new component to Kyma, you must update every Installer CR that will use the component.

### Available configurations

> These are the currently available configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the currently available Installer configurations:
```
